How I can know how my practice of looking practice is going by good. Good. How I know. That is what
it is. That is what it is. So how I know, we don't have to ask anyone how is my practice of looking
or my practice is going home. How you think my practice is going home? We don't have to. We don't
have to ask to the dreams. We don't have to ask to the vision. We don't have to ask to any other
sign. Ask your heart.
Our heart. Our practice. We even in the dreams are not always reliable. But our heart is reliable.
You have to ask to our heart. Or our heart.
And today, here, here, said, "It is ruthless and you look to that field." Field. All the teachings
has, all the teachings, almost all the teachings are the same. That is my rapid translation. Of
course, you have good translation as well.
So that means all the teachings of the graduate teacher, what I have done many years, as I said, 45
years. Its purpose is the same. There are so many teachings. So many pages, so many pages of
teachings.
The purpose is the same. What that purpose is? To remove our obscurities, our ego claims and remove
our nature.
Also, sometimes a teacher says, "To tame our own mind. To tame T-A-N-E." Or, "To display our mind."
That's the purpose. All the teachings.
That's the purpose of the T-T-T. That is my inner, super-myer of teaching. And that is where the
inner purpose is. The same. To subdue the ego-greeting. To subdue the negative emotions and reverse
our nature.
The nature of the mind. A great common peace. That's it. That's our books, our teachings. In the T-
T-T field, in the X center, how many decades after that? The X center, the Y center, the X center,
the X center, all 110.